Improve Lawnchair Documentation v3 (#4644)
Deletescape-Media/Lawnchair: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Versioning scheme

As of [#4361](https://github.com/LawnchairLauncher/lawnchair/pull/4361),
Lawnchair’s version code is composed of four parts, separated by underscores:

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="docs/assets/version-dark.svg" width="98%">
        <img alt="" src="docs/assets/version-light.svg" width="98%">
        <!-- Direct the accessibility reader to read the point below --->
    </picture>
</p>

1. Android major version
2. Android minor version
3. Lawnchair development status
4. Lawnchair development version

##### Android major & minor versions

> These represent the Android version the Lawnchair Launcher was built from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These represent the Android version in which Lawnchair is based on.
```

They make up the first two parts of the version code:

-   Major Version: Indicates the main Android version.

> -   Minor Version: Reflects any point release or update within the major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Major version: Indicates the main Android version.
-   Minor version: Reflects any point release or update within the major version.
```

Example: Android 11 will be `11_00_XX_XX` while Android 12.1 will be `12_01_XX_XX`.

##### Development status & version

The third and fourth parts of the version code refer to Lawnchair's development stage
and the specific version within that stage:

-   Development Status: Shows the current phase of the Lawnchair build (e.g., Alpha, Beta).

> -   Development Version: Specifies the incremental version within the same development stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Development status: Shows the current development stage of the Lawnchair build (e.g., Alpha, Beta).
-   Development version: Specifies the incremental version within the same development stage.
```

| Release Candidate | 03    |
| Release           | 04    |

> Example: alpha 5 will be `XX_XX_01_05` and beta 3 will be `XX_XX_02_03`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Alpha 5 will be `XX_XX_01_05` and Beta 3 will be `XX_XX_02_03`.
```

| Action                                           | $1_action         | `apply_action`             | Apply                | Any generic action verb can fit here                                                                                |
| Preference or popup label<br/>Preference headers | $1_label          | `folders_label`            | Folders              |                                                                                                                     |
| Preference or popup description                  | $1_description    | `folders_description`      | Row and column count |                                                                                                                     |
| Preference choice                                | $1_choice         | `off_choice`               | Off                  |                                                                                                                     |

> | Feature string                                   | (feature*name)*$1 | `colorpicker_hsb`          | HSB                  | Feature strings are strings that are confined to a specific feature. Examples include the gesture and color picker. |

Author: CC @JovannMC intended?

Reviewer 2: that was done by prettier - doesn't really matter

Reviewer: It technically *does* matter, since using asterisks `*` instead of underscores `_` doesn't make sense given the context of the table.

Author: > It technically _does_ matter, since using asterisks `*` instead of underscores `_` doesn't make sense given the context of the table.

Whoops, I just realised that this is intended and not meant to be italicised. Resolved.
